Added support to Atom Lite (#71)
nanoframework/nanoFramework.M5Stack: README.md

- [M5StickC](https://docs.m5stack.com/en/core/m5stickc)
- [M5StickCPlus](https://docs.m5stack.com/en/core/m5stickc_plus)
- [M5Core2](https://docs.m5stack.com/en/core/core2)

> - [M5AtomLite](https://docs.m5stack.com/en/core/atom_lite)

Reviewer: I think this should referred to as "Atom Lite" everywhere. That's the official name (no M5 prefix)
We've been doing that with all the others.
```suggestion
- [Atom Lite](https://docs.m5stack.com/en/core/atom_lite)
```

};
```

> On the M5AtomLite it's called `Button`. You can get access to the status of the button, the events and everything you need. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the Atom Lite it's called `Button`. You can get access to the status of the button, the events and everything you need. For example:
```

```csharp
M5AtomLite.Button.Press +=> (sender, e)
{
    var color = M5AtomLite.NeoPixel.GetColor();
    if(color.R > 0)
    {

>         M5AtomLite.NeoPixel.SetColor(new Color(0, 255, 0));

Reviewer 2: Please adjust the sample here based on the latest changes.

### ADC Channels

> ADC Channels are pre setup on the M5Core, M5Core2 and M5AtomLite, access them like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ADC Channels are pre setup on the M5Core, M5Core2 and Atom Lite, access them like this:
```

### SPI Device

> The M5Core and M5AtomLite provides as well an SpiDevice:

Reviewer 2: While you are at updating, the M5Core2 as well

> The M5Core, M5Core2 and M5AtomLite provides as well an SpiDevice:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The M5Core, M5Core2 and Atom Lite provides as well an `SpiDevice`:
```

### DAC

> The M5Core and M5AtomLite exposes 2 DAC and you can access them thru the `Dac1` and `Dac2` properties. Refer to the [DAC documentation](https://github.com/nanoframework/System.Device.Dac) for more information.

Reviewer 2: same here, please add M5Core2

> The M5Core, M5Core2 and M5AtomLite exposes 2 DAC and you can access them thru the `Dac1` and `Dac2` properties. Refer to the [DAC documentation](https://github.com/nanoframework/System.Device.Dac) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The M5Core, M5Core2 and Atom Lite exposes 2 DAC and you can access them thru the `Dac1` and `Dac2` properties. Refer to the [DAC documentation](https://github.com/nanoframework/System.Device.Dac) for more information.
```

### Infrared Led

> The M5StickC/CPlus and M5AtomLite exposes an infrared led. You can access it thru the `InfraredLed` property. This will give you a `TransmitterChannel`. Check out the [sample pack](https://github.com/nanoframework/Samples/tree/main/samples/Hardware.Esp32.Rmt) to understand how to use it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The M5StickC/CPlus and Atom Lite exposes an infrared led. You can access it thru the `InfraredLed` property. This will give you a `TransmitterChannel`. Check out the [sample pack](https://github.com/nanoframework/Samples/tree/main/samples/Hardware.Esp32.Rmt) to understand how to use it.
```

### NeoPixel

The M5AtomLite exposes a rgb led. You can access it thru the `NeoPixel` property:

```csharp
// This will set NeoPixel to green:

> M5AtomLite.NeoPixel.SetColor(new Color(0,255,0));

Reviewer 2: And adjust here as well. Btw, you can do Color.Green for example ;-)
